So where were we?
Characters, characters. yeah, yeah, yeah
aahm
Maybe like one, four stars. I'm a free-to-play person.
We are.. huh?
No, the only skin I have...
It's like, anytime I have skins in any games, it's because my friend pays for it.
we all have the free ones but if i have like a bad skin it's probably because of a birthday gift or something
Ah The first one I got was the birthday one.
No, no, no. no, the Barbara, the skin, the costume. um, From the Archipelago.
I only rolled a weapon banner for Xiao's weapon and I got it in 30 so it was okay.
See ya.
Yeah, so basically on his first rerun, um, I
Roll for him? I had like a lot saved up.
I was like I had like 10, 11k saved up for him and I got him and
30 pulls and I had a lot of extra so I just went for his weapon and I got it, I got it.
so i was so lucky it was the most insane
Blank balls I've ever gotten ever.
We had the best ones ever, like, it was really cool.
I can't hear you.
Oh, I want to see one for her first Constellation.
ahw..
ohh...!
Yeah, no, I know what you mean. It's her, It's because like during her skill like you kind of like dash forward.
So there's no charge oh well, that's so good
oh
ohhh..
Ohh...okay, I see, I see. Wait, how do you feel like what's your favorite character?
From Monsta then. from Monsta
Or for each nation each nation.
Um, Design, play style, lore.
Well yeah, I have gone you though so like anchor
And then they they got like rejected. They got sent back.
No, literally like the developers were the developers were like
There's going to be people trying to get across the ocean.
They know, huhuhuhu
at least like cut them off halfway before letting them spend like five hours of their lives
They really they did it for hours and like you can
even like an AFK for it because you just have to keep going forward.
they really...
it's, huh?
Ohhh..... what's that?
um....
I'm gonna
To be honest, I did not like Bunty at first. I didn't like Bunty at first.
Like I thought he was annoying.
Venti.
Um...I do really like...
Yeah, like Kaya for the ice cream. Or like...
I do not like to lose.
You know like his outfit is so much better because it fixes like
the wrong things about whatever is going on with him.
But like his regular default, he just has like a really really big forehead.
He has a really scrunched up face.
Yeah, it's been a while. Like a long time, like years.
It's like the first five-star costume to come out.
No, it's like no like there's five, there's there's five stars you have costumes
But then the costume itself is like a purple well the costume itself for dealing is
because it changes um, it's a gold one when it changes
It's your skill and your elemental powers.
Yeah, first, it actually changes the color of his fire basically.
I don't think so. It's gonna take a while. There's only like two so far. I forgot the other one.
Um, Yeah, probably not.
I...
I got this serious um, I felt like it's moving too much towards like
Like a modern feeling? Cause the purpose of it?
at the beginning was more like fantasy, right? And then now like...